[bulk] Validation: Multiple Fixes (#225)
MicrosoftDocs/bingmaps-docs: BingMaps/rest-services/elevations/point-compression-algorithm.md

---
title: "Point Compression Algorithm | Microsoft Docs"

> description: Learn how to implement the compression algorithm to get a compressed string you can use instead of the lengthy points list. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to implement the point compression algorithm to get a compressed string you can use to reduce the size of a request or when you cannot use the HTTP POST method. 
```
